hey guys i have a couple tips for you
guys to make some cash on your old
clothes and stuff like that or just to
clean out and organize your closet or
your room so i'm just going to get
started
the first tip is to pull everything out
um and kind of just have a clean space
after pull everything out I really like
to vacuum and dust everything because in
your closet you don't really think to do
that but that's where clothes are you
don't really want your clothes to get
dirty and dusty and stuff so I really
like to just kind of clean all out and
then after that I like to UM move if I'm
going to rearrange like my bookcase and
my like four drawer thing you guys will
see you all in the next thing so you
know what I'm talking about um if I'm
going to rearrange all of that then i
will do that then and then i will start
you know pulling clothes off and
throwing them in a big pile on my floor
my second tip is to throw everything
that you might have a doubt about that
you might not wear in the pile you can
always try it on later um and you know
it's going to make you feel a lot better
to see that big pile and see still a ton
of clothes in your closet that you
actually enjoy wearing third tip is to
actually try them the clothes that
you're throwing out I tried out a ton of
clothes just to make sure that I would
never wear it again because you don't
want to regret throwing something out if
you really think that you might wear it
keep it because you can always just get
rid of it after if you really don't wear
it if we're tip is to check all of your
pockets and jackets and skirts shorts
pants everything because there's been so
many times where we have found
twenty-dollar bills five-dollar bills
ten-dollar bills everything in our
packets so always check your pockets
because you could be giving away
100-dollar bill to Goodwill my I don't
know what number I was on 5th 6
something um tip is to bring it to a
consignment shop if you have one around
you I actually lucky enough to have one
that just opened up which is looking for
teenage girl clothing my mom brought all
the clothes there and we actually got
over a hundred dollars for clothes
another tip that I have is to color
coordinate coordinates color cord and
nice I can't say it whatever um and also
do the like long sleeves on one side
short sleeve stuff like that I show you
guys in the closet tour um
how like how I did mine um but that will
help you save a lot of money for you're
out shopping because you can actually
know what you have another tip is to not
use those vacuum pack bags I have them
in my closet and I used to use them um I
basically emptied every single one and
just threw everything in them in the
pile because I just didn't wear anything
in them and they just you know they did
take the safe space by just vacuum
packing them but they ended up taking up
more space that I could have had for
things that actually we're so if you're
going to use them I would use them on
bedding and like big bulky like clothing
like um if it's summer put your winter
jackets in it and stuff like that um but
I wouldn't use it for like everyday
things like a t-shirt and tank tops
because every time that you have to open
it you have to repack you mint and just
a pain and you'll probably forget about
it and that was stuff will just be
sitting there and you probably will just
be taking up space in your closet or
your drawers or something and I think
those are all the tips that I have is
not a lot but those kind of things that
really helped me I just really get rid
of the things that I don't wear a lot
and I know I want and even though my mom
gets really angry just this oh you're
wasting that netted uh I used to wear
all the time at half of my stuff is here
me downs for my cousins and my sister so
like I don't feel like I'm wasting that
much if I got good use out of it or if
it was a hand me down um plus I'm giving
it to either charity or you know
goodwill or something so it's like
giving you know somebody else something
that they need that I would rather be
giving it to them and it's just having
in my claws though if i have time to put
this in i will start the Caza tour now
if not i will link the closet tour here
and in the bottom bar so if you guys
have any requests or anything for back
to school for makeup hair anything
please leave comment down below because
i will definitely do them and i love
reading all the comments that you guys
leave me so i hope you guys enjoy and
have a great day bye